
.. _QGIS-commercial_support:

==================
Commercial support
==================

Do you plan to use QGIS in your company or organization, but worry about whether
there is commercial support available? Here is an alphabetical list, divided in
categories, of support contractors.

.. note:: we take responsibility for the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the provided information for **Core contributors** only.

Core contributors
-----------------

.. |3liz| image:: /static/website/about/images/3liz.png
   :height: 80 px

|3liz| `3liz <http://www.3liz.com/>`_ (based in France) offers a full range of
services around QGIS, to escort all software users, from beginners to the
insiders. Depending on your needs, 3Liz gives training sessions to QGIS, provides
the Web mapping portal LizMap --- based on QGIS Desktop & QGIS Serveur --- which
allows easy publication of data on the Web, and also proposes support, development
and consulting on QGIS.

----

.. |bernaweb| image:: /static/website/about/images/bernaweb.png
   :width: 160 px

|bernaweb| `bernawebdesign <http://bernawebdesign.ch/>`_ (Switzerland) provides
commercial support, training and programming for QGIS and QGIS on Android.

----

.. |faunalia| image:: /static/website/about/images/faunalia.png
   :height: 80 px

|faunalia| `Faunalia <http://www.faunalia.eu/>`_ (based in Italy, Portugal, and
operating worldwide) provides development services (both core and plugins),
training, and commercial support for QGIS, GRASS, GDAL/OGR, and PostgreSQL/PostGIS.

----

.. |gbd-consult| image:: /static/website/about/images/gbd-consult.png
   :width: 160 px

|gbd-consult| `GBD-consult <http://www.gbd-consult.de/>`_ (based in DÃ¼sseldorf,
Germany) provides commercial consulting, training and support for QGIS, GRASS
and other FOSS applications.

----

.. |linfin| image:: /static/website/about/images/linfin.jpg
   :width: 160 px

|linfin| `Linfiniti Consulting <http://linfiniti.com/>`_ (based in Swellendam,
South Africa), we provide commercial support and training for QGIS and GRASS.

----

.. |nextgis| image:: /static/website/about/images/nextgis.gif
   :width: 160 px

|nextgis| `NextGIS <http://nextgis.org/>`_ (based in Moscow, Russia) provides
commercial support, custom programming and training for QGIS, PostGIS and GRASS.

----

.. |norbit| image:: /static/website/about/images/norbit.png
   :width: 75 px

|norbit| `norBIT GmbH <http://www.norbit.de/64>`_ (based in Norden, Germany)
provides commercial support and custom programming for QGIS.

----

.. |oslandia| image:: /static/website/about/images/oslandia.png
   :height: 80 px

|oslandia| `Oslandia <http://www.oslandia.com/?page_id=20>`_ (based in France)
provides services on OpenSource GIS. Oslandia offers training, support,
development and consulting, namely on QGIS and PostGIS.

----

.. |sourcepole| image:: /static/website/about/images/sourcepole.gif
   :width: 151 px

|sourcepole| `Sourcepole <http://www.sourcepole.com/>`_ (based in Zurich,
Switzerland and operating worldwide) provides FOSSGIS training, commercial
support and maintenance contracts as well as cloud based geo hosting for QGIS.
With three leading core committers Sourcepole is able to offer sophisticated
developments for QGIS.

----

Contributors
------------

.. |cartoexpert| image:: /static/website/about/images/cartoexpert.gif
   :width: 75 px

|cartoexpert| `Cartoexpert <http://www.cartoexpert.com/index.php/formations/qgis-formation-quantum-gis.html>`_
(based in France) provides training for QGIS.

----

.. |camptocamp| image:: /static/website/about/images/camptocamp.png
   :width: 140 px

|camptocamp| `Camptocamp <http://www.camptocamp.com/en/geospatial-solutions>`_ is
an Open Source service company based in Europe offering training, support and
development around QGIS, mobiles apps, 3D, geoportails and GeoBI using a high
expertise.

----

.. |dms| image:: /static/website/about/images/dms.gif
   :width: 140 px

|dms| `Digital Mapping Solutions <http://www.mapsolutions.com.au/>`_ (based in
Australia) has been working with Government and Commercial organisations for over
15 years and have the products, services and skills to help you take full
advantage of your GIS investment.

----

.. |gaia3d| image:: /static/website/about/images/gaia3d.png
   :width: 140 px

|gaia3d| `Gaia3D, Inc. <http://www.gaia3d.com/>`_ (based in South Korea) is a
leading Open Source GIS company in Korea. Gaia3D offers professional development
services, training, consulting and supports for QGIS, PostGIS, GeoServer and
OpenLayers

----

.. |itopen| image:: /static/website/about/images/itopen.png
   :width: 140 px

|itopen| `IT Open <http://www.itopen.it/>`_ (based in Luserna san Giovanni (TO)
Italy) provides IT Solutions for free companies.

----

.. |lutra_consulting| image:: /static/website/about/images/lutra_consulting.png
   :width: 86 px

|lutra_consulting| `Lutra Consulting <http://www.lutraconsulting.co.uk/>`_ (based
in the UK) provide training, support and bespoke software development services
for QGIS.

----

.. |wmlogo| image:: /static/website/about/images/wmlogo.jpg
   :width: 140 px

|wmlogo| `Webmapper <http://www.webmapper.nl/>`_ (Based in Utrecht, The
Netherlands). We focus on creating usable web mapping solutions and consultancy
services in the fields of web cartography and GIS.

Others
------

.. |astun| image:: /static/website/about/images/astun.jpg
   :width: 120 px

|astun| `Astun Technology <http://astuntechnology.com/>`_ (based in UK) provides
training for QGIS.

----

.. |agx| image:: /static/website/about/images/agx.gif
   :width: 120 px

|agx| `AdventGX <http://www.adventgx.com/>`_ (based in College Station, TX)
provides installation, training, and implementation support for QGIS.

----

.. |bev| image:: /static/website/about/images/bev.gif
   :width: 120 px

|bev| `Bird's Eye View GIS <http://www.adventgx.com/>`_ (Based in Albuquerque,
New Mexico) provides commercial GIS services and support and training in QGIS,
GRASS GIS and other FOSS GIS applications.

----

.. |gis3w| image:: /static/website/about/images/gis3w.png
   :width: 120 px

|gis3w| `GIS3W <http://www.gis3w.it/>`_ (based in Italy) provide geographic and
ecological analysis services and support and assistance with QGIS.

----

.. |karttakeskus| image:: /static/website/about/images/karttakeskus.png
   :width: 120 px

|karttakeskus| `Karttakeskus <http://www.karttakeskus.fi/>`_ (based in Finland)
provides commercial support and training for QGIS and open spatial data.

----

.. |imt| image:: /static/website/about/images/imt.png
   :width: 120 px

|imt| `The Institute For Mapping Technology <http://learninggis.com/>`_ (based
in Austin, TX) provides support and training for QGIS and PostGIS.

----

.. |ngnuity| image:: /static/website/about/images/ngnuity.png
   :width: 120 px

|ngnuity| `nGNUity.net- <http://ngnuity.net/>`_ FOSS advocate from the Philippines
providing commercial GIS services, training, and consulting for QGIS, spatial data
visualization assistance to local governments, non-profits, research agencies and
community groups since 2007. Offers various mobile data collection and mapping
services using the Open Data Kit / KoBo Toolbox software stack.

----

.. |northriver| image:: /static/website/about/images/northriver.jpg
   :width: 60 px

|northriver| `North River Geographic Systems, Inc <http://www.northrivergeographic.com/>`_
is a small GIS Consulting firm located in the Southeastern United States. We
provide Geospatial services such as data conversion, ESRI and FOSS4G software
support, cartography, and data analysis.

----

.. |sungis| image:: /static/website/about/images/sungis.png
   :width: 85 px

|sungis| `SunGIS <http://www.sungis.lv/>`_ (based in Valmiera, Latvia) provides
commercial support, consulting, data processing and custom programming for QGIS,
GRASS GIS and FOSS GIS based SDI solutions.

----

.. |terrestris| image:: /static/website/about/images/terrestris.png
   :width: 75 px

|terrestris| `Terrestris <http://www.terrestris.de/dienstleistungen/schulungen/>`_
(Bonn, Germany) provides commercial services and training for QGIS.
